My name is Dr Jennifer Trav It I'm an associate professor in the psychology
department at California State University, Fullerton. I did my
undergrad at Fullerton, so I'm actually an alum. I did my PhD at the
University of Connecticut, so I lived in Connecticut for about four
years, and then I came back to California and worked at U. C. I. And
then I started teaching at Cal State Fullerton. I study the effects
of nutrition on anxiety, depression and learning, and the courses
that I teach our bio psychology, which has a lecture component and
a lab component. I also teach psychopharmacology, which is the study
of how drugs affect the brain. And I also teach intermediate research
methods and statistics. And I love all of these classes. I have three
Children and I'm married. My Children are 15 years old. I actually
have triplets. They were born the year after I started teaching
at Cal State Fullerton. So I've pretty much been a full time parent
the whole time that I've been a full time professor and I really love
my job.